#### Parents 
Himiko's relationship with her parents was very poor. They were disgusted by their daughter's blood interest since she was a child, and demanded her to stop such behavior and simply be "normal". They did everything they could to suppress her "abnormal" tendencies, putting immense pressure on her to repress them. Through their efforts and subjecting her to Quirk counseling for reformation, they successfully forced their daughter to hide this side of herself for years.

However, their efforts ended up being in vain and only served to ruin their relationship with their daughter. Himiko would struggle coming to terms with why she couldn't be her true self. At one point, she sucked the blood of one of her friends. When confronting their daughter about this, Himiko claimed that she was just kissing the injury better and didn't understand why she had to repress who she wanted to be, questioning why nobody else sucked blood like her. This caused both her parents to break down, with her father stating that she came out wrong, calling her rotten to the core while believing that they gave birth to something inhuman, words that drove a crying Himiko to her breaking point. Some time later, Himiko finally snapped and attacked a fellow student, Saito, releasing the feelings of her Quirk that her parents tried so hard to repress.

This incident had presumably put her parents and other family members in bad standing with the public at large. Due to the media identifying her and later interviewing them regarding their daughter's now murderous behavior, her parents attempted to deflect the negative public opinion on them by apologizing for what happened and officially cutting ties with their daughter. They then announced that they have always considered her a lost cause and ended up branding her as a "creepy demon child" and tried to deflect any blame on their parenting by claiming that she was simply born bad.

Due to their daughter's actions, Himiko's parents and family was shown to have faced severe harassment from the public at large. As seen where their family home was shown to have been heavily vandalized with numerous slurs directed at Himiko and her family smeared across their house walls, and their home itself was implied to have been broken into and ransacked. Due to this, Himiko's parents were likely to have developed even further contempt for their daughter, as they had thrown out all of her belongings and cleared out her old bedroom. She was later pleased by Dabi burning down her family home because of the bad memories.

#### History 

Himiko Toga was born as the eldest daughter of the Toga family. When she was a child, likely due to her Quirk, Transform, Himiko showcased a rather disturbing and morbid interest in blood. She once brought a dead, bloodied bird to her parents and cheerfully asked them if it was "pretty", which in turn scarred and disturbed them. They accused her of killing the bird, drinking its blood, and smiling about it, but Himiko cries saying she found it on the ground in the yard. Disgusted with her erratic behavior, her parents tried to suppress it from a young age by putting immense pressure on her to be "normal", sending her to Quirk counselling for her to be reformed and attempt to resolve her "deviant behavior".

Since then, she began to repress and hide her "abnormal" tendencies and began to act like an "ideal young schoolgirl expected of society". She successfully hid this side of herself so thoroughly that by the time she was a middle school student, Himiko was known by her classmates as a "cheerful and well-behaved girl," becoming a normal student with many friends.

However, despite her counselling, her behavior continued to cause social problems. Himiko would observe the world and how people shared their love and would question why they do things and why the way she does it wrong. Her parents confront her after learning she drank her friend's blood, but she claims they were hurt so she was just sucking the injury, which they say isn't normal. With tears in her eyes, she says she doesn't understand, asking if everyone fights their urge to be the way they want to be, wondering why nobody sucks blood like her. Her parents break down saying she is rotten to the core, having given birth to something inhuman, which drove a crying Himiko to her breaking point.

Later during middle school, she witnessed a boy attending her school named Saito, fighting at school and getting covered in bruises and blood. Awakening her repressed "abnormal" feelings and tendencies, Himiko experienced what she believed to be a crush on him. She had wanted to confess her feelings by asking him to suck his blood, but she knew she could never do that since he would think she's not cute at all, causing her to repress these feelings. Sometime later, Himiko succumbed to this infatuation and attacked him using a box cutter, wherein she stuck a straw into his wound and began sucking his blood while crying and, according to a passing classmate who had witnessed the assault, had a look of ecstasy.

Soon after, she disappeared and went into hiding, as she was now a wanted suspect due to the attack. The incident was made public and Himiko's family were questioned by the news, where her parents apologized and said that they tried to help their daughter but claimed that she was always a lost cause, branding her as a "demon" and publicly cutting all ties with her. Himiko went on to become a major suspect in multiple murders involving bloodletting. However, she managed to successfully evade both the Police and Pro Heroes until she officially joined the League of Villains.

#### Appearance
Himiko was a fair-skinned girl who was prone to blushing and was frequently described as having a pretty face. She had inward-tilting yellow eyes with thin slit-like irises, somewhat resembling those of a cat, and her wide mouth was also rather feline, as her canines were pointed and longer than the rest of her teeth, giving her a vampiric appearance. Her hair was a pale, ash-blonde color and was styled into two messy buns, with numerous wild strands sticking out, a straight fringe and two chin-length side bangs framed her face.

Her usual outfit consisted of a plain seifuku with a Kansai collar, both the skirt and the shirt dark blue with a double white trim, which was paired with a red scarf that she tied loosely below. Over this, she wore an oversized beige cardigan with a long hem and cuffs, and pockets on either side, the right one was shown to hold a number of trinkets on either a keychain or a cellphone strap. She sported knee-length black socks and dark brown outdoor school shoes. She sometimes wore a tan pink duffel coat along with a pink scarf, the former was gifted to her by Skeptic after she damaged her old one in her fight against Curious.

In her villain attire, she wore the same outfit but with a few additional gadgets: a piped black mask, two green boxes of knives strapped around her thighs; a blue utility belt around her waist with more green boxes attached to it on either side. The most distinguishing feature was the loose black mask she wore around her neck, which was decorated with pieces of pale gray metal in the shape of a carnivorous grin. Three large silver canisters are attached to the sides of her mask; the needles poking out connected to the two larger cylinders strapped to the back of her belt, this is the mechanism Himiko used to suck people's blood for her Quirk.

During the Final War, Himiko adorned a new set of supportive gear. This includes propelled tendril-like blades and a new piped black mask. When using Double, she gained a feminine form of Twice's villain costume partially showing the left side of her face to those who get in her way.